Now in this lesson we are going to talk about personas you might have heard this name before.
If you are a UI designer or you design it now a lot of people think that it is a real user but instead
it is actually a fictitious user.
And we don't use the real image of the user.
For example I went to an interview and I took a photo of my user and then I pasted in my personas.
This is wrong.
We are going to use just a fake image and the name must also be fake by about all the other information
will be will not be fake it will be real now it actually does.
What are the behaviors what are the goals.
What what are the triggers behind those goals of future users.
Because these this is very necessary you need to know and understand your users better what are their
behaviors how they act with different technologies and all this stuff now normally we get all the information
from our personas and the user interviews so we you know we all we extract all the information from
there from the user interviews and put and create a persona based on that.
Now I recommend that you should use at least three personas.
One two three personas.
Normally it is very rare that you just hit only one type of person.
So actually there is another topic that is coming to my mind which is a user archetype or user RG type
whatever you call it.
So actually persona is actually one type of user.
For example I have for example I have a website that gives me different.
You can say different deals.
OK.
So it is a deal.
The upside that give me all the discounted deals online.
So there might be two different types of users for that.
So there will be two different personas.
One is a normal home user.
For example I want few t shirts for me and I saw a bulk t shirt deal over there that five t shirts for
20 dollars and I'm going to buy it.
OK.
So there is one type of person like this.
There could be another persona and another type of user that is going to buy in bulk and he's going
to sell on his shop.
So he has a shop.
He has a clothing shop our store and he is going to buy all different stuff in bulk that he can get
from that dealers website.
And in another season or maybe next season he is going to store it and he is going to you know sell
it on some other rates.
So there could.
So we can make one persona for the home user.
And we are going to name it home use it.
And the second one will be sell.
So.
So these are different types of personas you are looking for.
Now the second question is why do we need personas why creating these personas why should we have these.
So the first thing is that we want our design team our development team to have some empathy VW users.
They need to know what are the pains of our users what are the goals and the personality of the user
who is going to use their product.
So these personas they are printed and they are hanged in front of design teams and development teams
so they can better align their user goals with their product.
So this is going to you know give them a shared bot that our user is going to need these.
So we are building this for this type of user.
So this is very important.
You might have heard about a persona.
But you might not have heard about work rules.
You are developing a product or an e-commerce store for the users primarily your buyers and you are
making personas for them.
But don't forget about the work rules work rules are actually different interesting parties that are
linked to your product.
For example in this example we are creating Franklin store so our buyers reject the other users we have
created them to be personas are Goober sonars busy moms or things like that we are going to come to
that point and we might also have administrator who is looking after all my products with adding products
on my website who is removing products from my website.
OK.
So this is the site administrator then we have Cody and company.
So the courier company delivery company that is attached to our Web site they are going to update our
website our users that the product or delivery has been processed or things like that.
Then we have the CEO now the CEO of the company which is me.
I want different sales reports.
I am not an administrator.
I am administrator is different.
So I want sales reports.
So our website or our map store it might had some feature built in that it can show me monthly sales
and yearly says our weekly says things like that then we have our stock manager stock manager is a separate
person who is managing all the stock.
So these kind of banks we have very low stock and he need to order more.
So stock manager is actually totally different Volker rule.
So you need to understand Don't try to forget about the Volcker Rule store just only focus on the users
but all the different types of Volcker rules that are going to be interested in your in using your system
or product.
So enough talk about personas.
I'm going to show you my persona which I created and I'm going to also show you a website where you
can create online tool a persona they have very great templates.
So let's move on to the next lesson.